Trolltech Personal Use License
Version 1.0
December 12, 2001

Copyright (C) 2000-2008 TROLLTECH ASA.
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute this license document.


(1) This Trolltech Personal Use License ("License") applies to software,
applications, and electronic and/or printed documentation (the
"Software") in the Qtopia suite of applications.

(2) The Software is protected by copyright laws and international
copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and
treaties. The Software is licensed, not sold.

(3) By installing, copying, or otherwise using the Software, you agree
to be bound by the terms of this License. If you do not agree to the
terms of this License, you should not install, copy, or otherwise use
the Software.

(4) Upon your acceptance of this License, Trolltech grants you the right
to run the Software in the manner provided below.

(5) Trolltech grants to you an individual nonexclusive, nontransferable
license to run copies of the Software.

(6) The license granted you is subject to all of the following
conditions:

a. the Software may only be installed on your personally owned devices;
b. the Software may only be run on your personally owned device for your
own personal use;
c. you may not modify any part of the Software, including any copyright,
trademark or other proprietary rights notice contained in any portion of
the Software.

(7) You may not distribute, transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of,
the Software or any part thereof, solely or as a part of another product
in any other form.

(8) WARRANTY DISCLAIMER. THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED TO YOU "AS IS".  TO
THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TROLLTECH ON BEHALF OF
ITSELF AND ITS SUPPLIERS, DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE
AND NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE.

(9) LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. If Trolltechs warranty disclaimer
notwithstanding, Trolltech is held to be liable to you, based on the
Software, Trolltechs entire liability to you and your exclusive remedy
shall be repair or replacement of the Software, provided you return to
Trolltech all copies of the Software as originally delivered to you.
Trolltech shall not under any circumstances be liable to you based on
failure of the Software if the failure resulted from accident, abuse or
misapplication, nor shall Trolltech under any circumstances be liable
for special damages, punitive or exemplary damages, damages for loss of
profits or interruption of business or for loss or corruption of data.
Any award of damages from Trolltech to you shall not exceed the total
amount you have paid to Trolltech in connection with this License.

(10) This License shall be construed, interpreted and governed by the
laws of Norway, the legal venue to be Oslo City Court.  Trolltech
reserves all rights not specifically granted.
